
*What is JNOS ?*

JNOS has been described as a monolithic software application for amateur
packet radio (ax.25) and ip networking. It is a user-space threads
application, whose origins can be traced back to Phil Karn's KA9Q/NOS
software. In fact, NOS was the linux of it's time, transforming simple
DOS machines into multiuser/multitasking TCP/IP environments. JNOS is
not alone. Similar applications worth noting are MFNOS by Barry
Siegfried (K2MF), TNOS by Brian Lantz (KO4KS), and WAMPES by Dieter
Deyke (DK5SG/N0PRA) - each (including JNOS) taking ideas and bits and
pieces from the others ...

JNOS is first and foremost a router for ax.25, netrom, and ip protocols
- ip over rf is possible by encapsulating the ip in ax.25 frames. It is
a packet node, bbs, personal mailbox system, convers server (chatroom),
offers a variety of tcp services, supports ax.25 tunnels (axip and
axudp) over wired networks, supports ip encapsulation (ipip and ipdup)
over wired networks. It provides F6FBB message forwarding capabilities,
including the B2F protocol used by the Winlink / RMS systems. JNOS
offers APRS services, including Igate and APRS messaging. Users can
access the bbs (mailbox) via a web browser. APRS messaging and stats are
also available through a web browser. JNOS makes a decent telnet node.
Users connecting from RF can send messages to other systems linked by RF
(not just the internet) or can email people on the internet. JNOS has
built in SMTP so that it can deliver email on it's own. JNOS can be used
for HF forwarding, features a few hostmode interfaces for several pactor
modems, and has tcp clients to MultiPsk, WINMOR, and AGW PE tcp/ip
servers. JNOS uses kiss based tnc interfaces for packet, but you can run
baycom and soundcard interfaces as well.

The original JNOS 1.11f and earlier distributions do not support a lot
of the features mentioned above, features only available in the JNOS 2.0
distribution maintained by myself, and started back in October of 2004.
Over the years, JNOS 2.0 has made it to 4 different platforms - DOS,
Linux, WIN32, and Mac. Linux has been the primary development platform
for a few years now, while DOS has fallen behind to the beginning of
2008, stuck at version 2.0f for now. The WIN32 port was a concept
project from years ago which I recently started working on again, and
Mac has fallen behind to 2006, the PowerPC era ...

I believe JNOS is an excellent platform for the packet radio enthusiast
who likes to experiment. It has a dedicated worldwide following since
the early 90s, and I strive to keep it as compatible as possible with
modern environments. Development is not as fast paced as some may like,
but people are more then welcome to ask for bug fixes and/or
enhancements. JNOS 2.0 is free and it's available to all for amateur
radio use only.

Read the file, 'copyright.txt' for important copyright information and
credits ...

/* last updated on Wednesday, July 23, 2014 */

